README.md, before:

# exampleCourse
example course for an Introduction into Basic Github functionality as part of the Course FPGA Hybrid Systems.

## Introduction
Throughout the Course we will use git to manage the Lab. You will need to understand the basics usage of git so you are able to turn in your lab assignments.

## Tasks
1. Create a Copy of this Repository on your (local) Computer or the Development Server.
1. Edit the file and create a commit.
1. Add a new file with some contents and add it to your local repository.
1. Synchronize your local changes with the remote Repository on github.com.

## Ressources
There are loads of Tutorials, Introductions and Wikis on git all around the Internet.
This site features a list of ressources you can use to find the knowledge necessary for this course.
https://help.github.com/articles/good-resources-for-learning-git-and-github/

## Bonus
Learn about the concept of Branches, Forks and how to work with them.

Note:
There are Graphical User Interfaces (GUIs) supporting git for all Platforms.
Here is a list of GUI Clients for different Operating Systems:
https://git-scm.com/downloads/guis

Currently gitk is the only gui-program for git installed on our Development Server.

Commit message:

additions to task including theory

README.md, after:

# exampleCourse
example course for an Introduction into Basic Github functionality as part of the Course FPGA Hybrid Systems.

## Introduction
Throughout the Course we will use git to manage the Lab. You will need to understand the basics usage of git so you are able to turn in your lab assignments.

## Tasks
1. Fork this Repository
2. 1. Create a Copy of this Repository on your (local) Computer or the Development Server.
3. Edit the file mywork.txt and create a commit.
4. Create an Issue in your Repository
5. Add a new file with some contents and add it to your local repository.
6. Synchronize your local changes with the remote Repository on github.com.
7. Create a Pull Request to this Repository

## Additional Knowledge, Theory
1. Branches and how they can be used in large Projects
2. Distributed Workflows for collaboration in projects (centralized and decentralized Workflows)

## Ressources
There are many Tutorials, Introductions and Wikis on git all around the Internet.
This site features a list of ressources you can use to find the knowledge necessary for this course.
https://help.github.com/articles/good-resources-for-learning-git-and-github/

Note:
There are Graphical User Interfaces (GUIs) supporting git for all Platforms.
Here is a list of GUI Clients for different Operating Systems:
https://git-scm.com/downloads/guis

Currently gitk is the only gui-program for git installed on our Development Server.
